---
title: 25th Sunday in Ordinary Time
date: 20/09/2020
type: post
featured_image: "/images/20200920/bulletin_feature.png"
summary: God is generous and he wants us to imitate his generosity.

---
# Be Generous Through Fruitful Labour

[Full Bulletin](http://nebula.wsimg.com/22ec653f7c9f4e2601557b09718f8b4a?AccessKeyId=2AF9533DEE1BA9433B58&disposition=0&alloworigin=1 "Full Bulletin")

God is generous and he wants us to imitate his generosity. The Liturgy of the Word invites us to recognise God as a generous and forgiving God. In the gospel parable, the master offers the same wage for a full day of labour to all, even though some worked only for an hour. Naturally, those who laboured the whole day expected more than those who worked less time. But the master says: “Did you not agree with me for the usual daily wage? Are you envious because I am generous?”

Let us capture this message: God is a generous God. Many times we may not under-stand his ways. However, we always have to assure ourselves that whatever God is doing, he knows what he is doing. And that is why all we have to do - if we are privi-leged to work for the Lord - is to work hard for the Lord. What would be our reward? Our reward would be his company, his friendship. Therefore, let us pay attention not so much to the idea what we are going to gain from this friendship; for example when I go to church, what do I get out of it. Rather, let’s have the mindset of being with the Lord. St Augustine said: “Late have I loved you, Lord. Late have I loved you.” Why? Maybe he only began to work for the master from the noontime of his life. Now he is able to discover that it would have been the best thing in life to have worked for the Lord from the early morning of his life; because being with the Lord is rewarding in itself. This is why generosity is reflected in our working for the Lord by the very work, struggles and labours that we do each day.

Generosity to the Lord is also generosity to-wards others. We show our generosity in the way we take each moment as the right mo-ment to do good. Every moment is the right moment to do everything in the best possi-ble way, with the best possible attitude and the best possible disposition. St Paul re-fers to it as ‘fruitful labour’.

Today, on Social Services Sunday, we are invited to give thanks and pray for all who provide care and support to those who are marginalised and vulnerable within our community. We recognise with deep gratitude, those working within Catholic Social Service Victoria’s 45 member organisations, made up of 7,000 passionate and com-mitted staff and 17,000 generous volunteers, who together, serve more than 200,000 people in need each year. Their generosity to God shines through their service to others.